8.0.1 changelog (#2740)
AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

See the [releases](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/releases) for details on bug fixes and added features.

8.0.1
=====
### Bug fixes

> - IdentityModel now resolves the public key to EPK. See issue [#1951](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/2120) for details.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
- IdentityModel now resolves the public key to EPK. See issue [#1951](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/issues/1951) for details.
```
